Update project-online-software-boundaries-and-limits.md (#107)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-ProjectServer: ProjectOnline/project-online-software-boundaries-and-limits.md

- 30,000 projects per Project Web App site.
    
  - The project sites for these projects must not exceed 2000 sites in any one site collection - and for best performance with large numbers of projects aim to have none of the project sites in the PWA site collection itself.
  

> - Project sites and the PWA site itself are only supported in SharePoint classic mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Project sites and the Project Web App site itself are only supported in SharePoint classic mode.
```
